#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
advanced-alchemy==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.15.2
    # via
    #   advanced-alchemy
    #   optuna
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyio==4.9.0
    # via starlette
asteroid-filterbanks==0.4.0
    # via pyannote-audio
asyncpg==0.30.0
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
av==14.4.0
    # via faster-whisper
bcrypt==4.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   passlib
black==25.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via soundfile
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   nltk
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   colorlog
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
ctranslate2==4.4.0
    # via
    #   faster-whisper
    #   whisperx
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
einops==0.8.1
    # via pyannote-audio
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via -r requirements.in
faster-whisper==1.1.1
    # via whisperx
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==25.2.10
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.58.0
    # via matplotlib
freezegun==1.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2025.5.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
greenlet==3.2.2
    # via
    #   advanced-alchemy
    #   sqlalchemy
h11==0.16.0
    # via uvicorn
huggingface-hub==0.31.4
    # via
    #   faster-whisper
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   speechbrain
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
hyperpyyaml==1.2.2
    # via speechbrain
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
isort==6.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
joblib==1.5.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
julius==0.2.7
    # via torch-audiomentations
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
lightning==2.5.1.post0
    # via pyannote-audio
lightning-utilities==0.14.3
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
matplotlib==3.10.3
    # via pyannote-metrics
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via black
networkx==3.4.2
    # via torch
nltk==3.9.1
    # via whisperx
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   contourpy
    #   ctranslate2
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   soundfile
    #   speechbrain
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   whisperx
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via pyannote-audio
onnxruntime==1.22.0
    # via
    #   faster-whisper
    #   whisperx
optuna==4.3.0
    # via pyannote-pipeline
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   optuna
    #   pytest
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   speechbrain
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   whisperx
passlib[bcrypt]==1.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pillow==11.2.1
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via black
pluggy==1.6.0
    # via pytest
primepy==1.3
    # via torch-pitch-shift
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==6.31.0
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   tensorboardx
pyannote-audio==3.3.2
    # via whisperx
pyannote-core==5.0.0
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-database==5.1.3
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-metrics==3.2.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pyannote-pipeline==3.0.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.19.1
    # via rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pyreadline3==3.5.4
    # via humanfriendly
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pytest-asyncio
pytest-asyncio==0.26.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   freezegun
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
pytorch-lightning==2.5.1.post0
    # via lightning
pytorch-metric-learning==2.8.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   ctranslate2
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperpyyaml
    #   lightning
    #   omegaconf
    #   optuna
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   typer
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via hyperpyyaml
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12
    # via ruamel-yaml
ruff==0.11.10
    # via -r requirements.in
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scalar-fastapi==1.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
semver==3.0.4
    # via pyannote-audio
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via speechbrain
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via pyannote-core
soundfile==0.13.1
    # via pyannote-audio
speechbrain==1.0.3
    # via pyannote-audio
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   advanced-alchemy
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via pyannote-metrics
tensorboardx==2.6.2.2
    # via pyannote-audio
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via
    #   faster-whisper
    #   transformers
torch==2.7.0
    # via
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   julius
    #   lightning
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchmetrics
    #   whisperx
torch-audiomentations==0.12.0
    # via pyannote-audio
torch-pitch-shift==1.2.5
    # via torch-audiomentations
torchaudio==2.7.0
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   whisperx
torchmetrics==1.7.1
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   faster-whisper
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   nltk
    #   optuna
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   speechbrain
    #   transformers
transformers==4.52.0
    # via whisperx
typer==0.15.4
    # via pyannote-database
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   advanced-alchemy
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.2
    # via -r requirements.in
whisperx==3.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
